[OCPBUGS36313] Align IBM Z parm files (#78298)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-ibm-z-user-infra-machines-iso.adoc

----

> rd.neednet=1 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cio_ignore=all,!condev rd.neednet=1 \
```

console=ttysclp0 \
coreos.inst.install_dev=/dev/<block_device> \// <1>
coreos.inst.ignition_url=http://<http_server>/bootstrap.ign \// <2>
coreos.live.rootfs_url=http://<http_server>/rhcos-<version>-live-rootfs.<architecture>.img \// <3>
coreos.inst.secure_ipl \// <4>
ip=<ip>::<gateway>:<netmask>:<hostname>::none nameserver=<dns> \
rd.znet=qeth,0.0.bdf0,0.0.bdf1,0.0.bdf2,layer2=1,portno=0 \
rd.dasd=0.0.3490 \
zfcp.allow_lun_scan=0
----

> <1> Specify the block device on the system to install to. For installations on DASD-type disk use `dasda`, for installations on FCP-type disks use `sda`.

Reviewer: Should be equal to the above change:
```suggestion
<1> Specify the block device type. For installations on DASD-type disks, specify `/dev/dasda`. For installations on FCP-type disks, specify `/dev/sda`.
```
